SEO excerpts: Use and Get Started (#3843)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/security/multi-factor-authentication.md

---
title: Multi-factor user authentication

> excerpt: Multi-factor authentication enhances security by requiring users to verify their identity using multiple authentication factors. Enable MFA for your Timescale Cloud account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: Multi-factor authentication enhances security by requiring users to verify their identity using mult factor authentication. Enable MFA for your Timescale Cloud account
```
